Here i present a physics thought experiment, that led somehow to a finished Theory of Everything by combining RT and QM through consciousness without the need for quantum effects in the brain. Six years ago i had a thought that (like many other which failed) i followed with logic further (and further) to find the error in that thought experiment, but couldn't find any in all those years: 
"What if Einstein was more correct than he could have imagined, and everything is relative to the observer - even reality itself ?"
The mathematical framework presented here is a translation of that logical part into existing mathematical symbols (and a few new symbols) that somehow led to a world formula. A formula describing the "action" of the entire (6D) universe by unifying all 5 (1 new) fundamental forces, making consciousness a measurable parameter, explaining why the higgs boson must have a mass (2 different attempts), while coincidentally finding a mathematical consistent solution how our world must have come to existance from nothing by explaining Dark Energy without the need for a new cosmological constant.
It delivers predictions that are different to the standard model, including predictions that have already been measured. I further present solutions for almost all major problems in modern cosmology based on this 6D Model.
After the logical and mathematical part here i will also present some philosophical consequences (for our worldview) of which i'm confident the math will confirm once the 6D-Einstein-Maxwell-Field equation has been fully solved on a supercomputer. 
If needed i could explain how exactly i figured out and defined the properties of these 2 new dimensions. Test them, change them, do whatever you want to do with this to verify if it works or if i made a mistake somewhere. At least i could not find any other combination of similar properties where the math does produce any useful result at all. And to be honest, i cannot explain how a wrong formula could solve so many questions i could not have answered without finishing the math first. 
